# MsgVpnTopicEndpoint

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**access_type** | **String** | The Topic Endpoint access type of either \&quot;exclusive\&quot; or \&quot;non-exclusive\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;exclusive\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;exclusive\&quot; - Exclusive delivery of messages to first bound client. \&quot;non-exclusive\&quot; - Non-exclusive delivery of messages to all bound clients. &lt;/pre&gt;  Available since 2.4. | [optional] [default to null]
**consumer_ack_propagation_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the propagation of Consumer ACKs received on the active replication Message VPN to the standby replication Message VPN. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**dead_msg_queue** | **String** | The name of the Dead Message Queue (DMQ) used by the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;#DEAD_MSG_QUEUE\&quot;&#x60;. Available since 2.2. | [optional] [default to null]
**egress_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the egress flow of messages from the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**event_bind_count_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**event_reject_low_priority_msg_limit_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**event_spool_usage_threshold** | [***::models::EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**ingress_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the ingress flow of messages to the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_bind_count** | **i64** | The maximum number of simultaneous Consumers of the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;1&#x60;. Available since 2.4. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_delivered_unacked_msgs_per_flow** | **i64** | The maximum allowed number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow for the Topic Endpoint. The default is the maximum value supported by the hardware. The default value is &#x60;10000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_msg_size** | **i32** | The maximum message size allowed in the Topic Endpoint, in bytes. The default value is &#x60;10000000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_redelivery_count** | **i64** | The maximum number of times the Topic Endpoint will attempt redelivery of a given message prior to it being discarded or moved to the #DEAD_MSG_QUEUE. A value of 0 means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_spool_usage** | **i64** | The maximum Message Spool usage by the Topic Endpoint (quota), in megabytes. Setting the value to zero enables the \&quot;last-value-queue\&quot; feature and disables quota checking. The default varies by platform. The default varies by platform. | [optional] [default to null]
**max_ttl** | **i64** | The maximum number of seconds that a message can stay in the Topic Endpoint when \&quot;respectTtlEnabled\&quot; is \&quot;true\&quot;. A message will expire according to the lesser of the TTL in the message (assigned by the Publisher) and the \&quot;maxTtl\&quot; configured on the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;maxTtl\&quot; is a 32-bit integer value from 1 to 4294967295 representing the expiry time in seconds. A \&quot;maxTtl\&quot; of \&quot;0\&quot; disables this feature. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**msg_vpn_name** | **String** | The name of the Message VPN. | [optional] [default to null]
**owner** | **String** | The Client Username which owns the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**permission** | **String** | Permission level for users of the Topic Endpoint, excluding the owner. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;no-access\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;no-access\&quot; - Disallows all access. \&quot;read-only\&quot; - Read-only access to the messages in the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;consume\&quot; - Consume (read and remove) messages in the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;modify-topic\&quot; - Consume messages or modify the topic/selector of the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;delete\&quot; - Consume messages, modify the topic/selector or delete the Topic Endpoint altogether. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**reject_low_priority_msg_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable if low priority messages are subject to \&quot;rejectLowPriorityMsgLimit\&quot; checking. This may only be enabled if \&quot;rejectMsgToSenderOnDiscardBehavior\&quot; does not have a value of \&quot;never\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**reject_low_priority_msg_limit** | **i64** | The number of messages of any priority in the Topic Endpoint above which low priority messages are not admitted but higher priority messages are allowed. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**reject_msg_to_sender_on_discard_behavior** | **String** | The circumstances under which a negative acknowledgement (NACK) is sent to the client on discards. Note that NACKs cause the message to not be delivered to any destination and transacted-session commits to fail. This attribute may only have a value of \&quot;never\&quot; if \&quot;rejectLowPriorityMsgEnabled\&quot; is disabled. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;never\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;always\&quot; - Message discards always result in negative acknowledgments (NACKs) being returned to the sending client, even if the discard reason is that the topic-endpoint is disabled. \&quot;when-topic-endpoint-enabled\&quot; - Message discards result in negative acknowledgments (NACKs) being returned to the sending client, except if the discard reason is that the Topic Endpoint is disabled. \&quot;never\&quot; - Message discards never result in negative acknowledgments (NACKs) being returned to the sending client. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**respect_msg_priority_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the respecting of message priority. If enabled, messages contained in the Topic Endpoint are delivered in priority order, from 9 (highest) to 0 (lowest). The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. Available since 2.8. | [optional] [default to null]
**respect_ttl_enabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the respecting of \&quot;time to live\&quot; (TTL). If enabled, then messages contained in the Topic Endpoint are checked for expiry. If expired, the message is removed from the Topic Endpoint and either discarded or a copy of the message placed in the #DEAD_MSG_QUEUE Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**topic_endpoint_name** | **String** | The name of the Topic Endpoint. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


